I am looking forward to this voyage boss
but I am concerned there appears to be a
how shall I say and I'm friendly
presence in our way I will scout ahead
and secure your passage you enjoy
yourself
Anoka tell him
well well well so much for scouting
ahead you're like 20 feet from where you
started her to the way let's go you are
how shall I put this
to return to fit into this itty-bitty
doorway allow me my my this is a nice
catwalk don't mind me coming through
is that the cat up there why is he
wearing boots
he's kicking our behinds and you're
worried about boots habit mates we're
getting licked
the gates been breached the gates been
breached you mean he found the switch
all men prepare to attack the ogre did
he say oka
you
the Pirates locked us in here help an
ogre
puck stop right where you are
took me all day to stack those up
look Shrek our crew is all ready to go
i'ma go get me a deck chair one of those
drinks with a little umbrella in it we
don't have a crew donkey they're trying
to steal our boat what oh they can kiss
me
the overts coming boys batten down the
hatches and prepare for a boarding
excellent
remarkable
I'm incredible today